added before query param to Armis event collector (#34738)
demisto/content: Packs/Armis/ReleaseNotes/1_1_15.md

##### Armis Event Collector

> - Added the **Minutes to delay** parameter to handle an issue where events were missing due to delays in Armis API. Note that the default value is 10 minutes but a higher value might be needed for users with heavier traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **Minutes to delay** parameter to handle an issue where events were missing due to delays in Armis API. The default value is 10 minutes. A higher value can be configured in the event that some events are still not available within those ten minutes. 
```
